README.md, before:

# Rob Bills: Maker Projects Portfolio  

Welcome to my collection of practical, real-world engineering fixes, custom solutions, and experimental builds. Most of these were designed to solve problems around the home, in the workshop, or on the track field, mostly using FreeCAD, 3D printers, and a stubborn desire to figure out solutions to my own problems.

## 🔧 Projects

- [Hinge Pin Fix](hinge-pin-fix/)
    > Resin-printed replacement hinge pin for a storm door. Designed with FreeCAD and eyeballed with an adjustable wrench.
- [Push Rod Clip](tailgate-push-rod-clip/)
    > Re-creation of a discontinued automotive part using FreeCAD and resin printing.
- [First Act guitar repair](guitar-parts/)
	> Fixed the bridge and spacers for a low end beginner guitar to give it new life.  
- [Cinder Block Smoker](cinder-block-smoker/)
	> Just wanted a smoker that would stand up to Colorado winters and not blow away in high winds.
- [Quilting Templates](quitling-templates/)
    > I was asked to provide more user (and finger) friendly templates to replace older, worn out plastic.
- [Stoplight Status Indicator](stoplight-status-indicator)
    > I needed to make sure I wasn't interrupted accidentally while teaching class or helping customers.

All source files are provided as-is. If these help you out, awesome — let me know!

## 📜 License

All files shared under [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC-BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), unless otherwise noted.

Commit message:

updating link to camera project

README.md, after:

# Rob Bills: Maker Projects Portfolio  

Welcome to my collection of practical, real-world engineering fixes, custom solutions, and experimental builds. Most of these were designed to solve problems around the home, in the workshop, or on the track field, mostly using FreeCAD, 3D printers, and a stubborn desire to figure out solutions to my own problems.

## 🔧 Projects

- [Hinge Pin Fix](hinge-pin-fix/)
    > Resin-printed replacement hinge pin for a storm door. Designed with FreeCAD and eyeballed with an adjustable wrench.
- [Push Rod Clip](tailgate-push-rod-clip/)
    > Re-creation of a discontinued automotive part using FreeCAD and resin printing.
- [First Act guitar repair](guitar-parts/)
	> Fixed the bridge and spacers for a low end beginner guitar to give it new life.  
- [Desk Camera Mount](desk-camera-mount/)  
	> Created a simple mount to keep my camera at eye level for meetings and classes.  
- [Cinder Block Smoker](cinder-block-smoker/)
	> Just wanted a smoker that would stand up to Colorado winters and not blow away in high winds.
- [Quilting Templates](quitling-templates/)
    > I was asked to provide more user (and finger) friendly templates to replace older, worn out plastic.
- [Stoplight Status Indicator](stoplight-status-indicator)
    > I needed to make sure I wasn't interrupted accidentally while teaching class or helping customers.

All source files are provided as-is. If these help you out, awesome — let me know!

## 📜 License

All files shared under [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC-BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), unless otherwise noted.
